= Maybe You Meant

May You Meant is an IRB extension that guesses the method you meant to call
when you make a typo.

Say for example you call
 'hello world'.ucase
Maybe You Meant will output
 Maybe you meant: 'hello world'.upcase
and automatically call the correct method and insert the new line into your
IRB history.

== Installation

 gem install maybeyoumeant

The rainbow gem is installed for color console output.

Put the following into you .irbrc
 require 'rubygems'
 require 'maybeyoumeant'

== Configuration

 # To turn off logging
 MaybeYouMeant::Config.debug = false

 # To not automatically call methods
 MaybeYouMeant::Config.call_nearby = false

 # To not add an updated line to IRB history
 MaybeYouMeant::Config.add_to_history = false

 # To remove the incorrect line from IRB history
 MaybeYouMeant::Config.remove_from_history = true

== How It Works

Object is monkey-patched to intercept NoMethodErrors. Levenshtein distances are calculated
for other methods on the object, and the closest one is selected and called.

== Contributing to maybeyoumeant
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Liehann Loots. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

